DP-14: Update Administration docs (#5854)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/admin/jmx-config-generator/introduction.adoc

= JMX Configuration Generator

{page-component-title} implements the JMX protocol to collect long-term performance data for Java applications.

> There are a wide variety of metrics available, and administrators have to select which information should be collected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a wide variety of metrics available, and administrators have to select which information to collect.
```
